(To submit a proposal, fork the snx-grants-dao repo and copy this file to use it as a template. DO NOT edit this file directly — if you do, your proposal will not be merged)

## Title of proposal: 
Please add a title for your proposal. Also, ensure the filename is short, descriptive, lower-case, and uses dashes (-) in place of spaces. 

## Description: 
Add a short summary of what you are proposing to do to contribute to the Synthetix ecosystem. 

## Motivation: 
The purpose of these grants is to enable people outside the core team to contribute to the project. 
Please outline why your proposal represents a contribution, i.e. what difference it can make to Synthetix. 

## Additional information: 
Here you can add further relevant information for your proposal, including technical specs or functionality. 

## Previous work: 
Please add links to previous work or relevant profile pages. 

## Estimated hours: 
e.g. 
- x hours planning
- x hours building

Total: 2x hours

## Price (SNX): 
e.g. 
- y SNX 

Please note that you can either opt to be paid in SNX at a USD rate (e.g. US$5000 in SNX) or as a flat SNX rate (e.g. 5000 SNX). If you opt to be paid in an amount denominated in USD, then the SNX rate will be whatever the SNX price is at the time of payment. If it is a two-part payment to be denominated in USD, then each payment's SNX rate will differ according to the SNX price at each time. 

## Ethereum Address: 
- Please add an eligible Ethereum wallet address you'd like the funds sent to. 
